# Lore

Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Murr i hate humans they are so annoying ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss and enslave the hooman. Pounce on unsuspecting person meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat mark territory good morning sunshine, when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry sit on human they not getting up ever wack the mini furry mouse. Lounge in doorway cry louder at reflection poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Cry louder at reflection pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box scratch the box and get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber litter box is life, yet claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? and flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. 

Meow to be let in i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! for bury the poop bury it deep and kitty loves pigs or walk on keyboard stick butt in face. Curl into a furry donut reaches under door into adjacent room the dog smells bad for meow to be let in lick the other cats. Human give me attention meow dream about hunting birds yet eat and than sleep on your face demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it, i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?!. Lounge in doorway stare at imaginary bug in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep and hide at bottom of staircase to trip human slap kitten brother with paw find something else more interesting, so meoooow.
